Suggested changes for INSTANTIATE (#160)
j3-fortran/generics: J3-Papers/edits/25-137_instantiate.txt

tt.5.1 The INSTANTIATE statement

An INSTANTIATE statement specifies instantiation association.  An
INSTANTIATE statement is a reference to the template it specifies.  At
the time the INSTANTIATE statement is processed, the public portions

> of the specified instance of the template shall be available.

Reviewer: I don't like this wording.

The INSTANTIATE statement provides the means by which a scoping unit
accesses named data objects, nonintrinsic types, procedures, abstract

> interfaces, generic identi􀏐iers, and namelist groups in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interfaces, generic identifiers, and namelist groups in a
```

> template. The entities in the scoping unit are instantiation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
template. The entities in the instantiation argument list are instantiation
```

associated with the entities in the template. The accessed entities

> have the at tributes specified in the template, except that an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have the attributes specified in the template, except that an
```

accessed entity may have a different accessibility attribute, it may
have the ASYNCHRONOUS attribute even if the associated template entity
does not, and if it is not a coarray it may have the VOLATILE
attribute even if the associated template entity does not. The
entities made accessible are identified by the names or generic
identifiers used to identify them in the module.  By default, the
accessed entities are identified by the same identifiers in the
scoping unit containing the USE statement, but it is possible to

> specify that different identifiers are used. An
> instantiation-associated variable is considered to have been
> previously declared; any other instantiation‑associated entity is
> considered to have been previously defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specify that different identifiers are used.
```

Instantiation arguments cannot be variables, and at any rate any instantiation argument must have been previously defined. Perhaps you meant "instantiation accessed" and that is term we may want to introduce?
